Tracing (#142)
banzaicloud/cloudinfo: docs/tracing/tracing.md

#### Tracing

> The cloudinfo application contains code instrumentation that makes possible tracing trough opencensus / jaegeR_

Reviewer: `jaegeR_`?

> For the time being the tracing instrumentation only covers background processes in the application (those collecting cloud information from the providers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the time being the tracing solution only instruments the background processes in the application (collecting cloud information from the providers)
```

#### Enable tracing

The application comes with tracing disabled by default. Tracing can be configured through the following environment variables:

| Envvar name                                | default value                                           |
| -------------------------------------------| --------------------------------------------------------| 
|  INSTRUMENTATION_JAEGER_ENABLED            | false                                                   |
|  INSTRUMENTATION_JAEGER_COLLECTORENDPOINT  | http://localhost:14268/api/traces?format=jaeger.thrift  |
|  INSTRUMENTATION_JAEGER_AGENTENDPOINT      | localhost:6832                                          |

> |  INSTRUMENTATION_JAEGER_SERVICENAME        | cludinfo                                                |

Reviewer: This is not configurable, it's an alias pointing to a constant value. Aliases cannot be configured/overridden.
